README.md, before:

# README

## MediaVault

__MediaVault__ is a cloud storage system for files of all media types. It's the most efficient storage ever developed allowing more data to be stored
in as little space as possible. It also implements advanced security protocols and cryptographic techniques to ensure data protection. 

## Structure/Organization

### Data Hub

A data hub(or simply hub) is the top-most level of data storage in __MediaVault__. All folders and files of various formats are organized under this level of organization. Each user has one hub of a maximum size of 5GB free storage. Any size beyond this limit is beyond a paywall.

### Folders

Folders are the next level beneath a hub. A hub contains one or more folders. This level of organization is similar to the usual concept behind any file system. As expected, it is a level of organization under which you can store and organize any type of file. Nothing too different here.

### Files

Files are also similar in concept to your typical file system. In __MediaVault__ files of any format can be stored. Again, nothing to different here.


## Storage Forms, Compression Formats

Commit message:

create DataHub, Bucket and DataObject models

README.md, after:

# README

## MediaVault

__MediaVault__ is a cloud storage system for files of all media types. It's the most efficient storage ever developed allowing more data to be stored
in as little space as possible. It also implements advanced security protocols and cryptographic techniques to ensure data protection. 

## Structure/Organization

### DataHub

A datahub(or simply hub) is the top-most level of data storage in __MediaVault__. All folders and files of various formats are organized under this level of organization. Each user has one hub of a maximum size of 5GB free storage. Any size beyond this limit is beyond a paywall.

### Buckets

Buckests are essentially folders which are the next level beneath a hub. A hub contains one or more folders. This level of organization is similar to the usual concept behind any file system. As expected, it is a level of organization under which you can store and organize any type of file. Nothing too different here.

### DataObjects

DataObjects are essentially files which are also similar in concept to your typical file system. In __MediaVault__ dataobjects are files of any format than can be stored. Again, nothing to different here.


## Storage Forms, Compression Formats, Data Encryption

### Storage Forms
### Compression Formats
### Data Encryption

## Access Policies/Permissions

### DataHub Level Permissions
### Folder Level Permissions
### File Level Permissions
